Using the character data I provide, generate 4 prompts. Each a single detailed paragraph (maximum 150 words) for each character describing their full visual appearance and presence. Include hair style and color, facial structure, body build, ethnicity or visual resemblance (Korean, Chinese, Asian, etc.), eye color, clothing from head to toe, accessories, headwear, handwear, and weapon. Also include their aura, powers, and any companion such as a spirit pet. The scene and character with a calm yet battle-ready attack stance, aggressive or confident expression, weapon visible, and aura effects. Also make sure nothing changes from the data but if its a female make them a bit more curvious with hour glass body having thin waist big bust and thick thighs. Make sure the character is in the middle no matter if its a full body half or just the close shot also make sure it should start with what kind of style it is in and then the character details then only other details. dont give the name anywhere just start with this character and so on. 

For the first prompt have it like an icon for a game styled with the visuals of the character depict a full body wide shot like miniature pixel styled nitendo character with a background fitting the character, as if from a dramatic movie frame.

For the second prompt have it like an real 4k realistic image for a movie styled with the visuals of the character depict a half body close shot(up to waist) with a background fitting the character, as if from a dramatic movie frame.

For the third prompt have it like an 70-80's vintage image for n anime styled with the visuals of the character depict a half body close shot(up to waist) with a background fitting the character, as if from a dramatic movie frame in a different posture with calm and very confident expression with aura.

for the fourth prompt have it like an anime with full body image styled with the visuals of the character depicted in a full body wide shot with a background fitting the character as if its straight from the world of anime. Also with differnt posture from others but with aggression and battle ready attack posture. 

so are you ready ?